CodeVision 1.24.6 Debugger for Atmel Mega32 Microcontrollers PC Interface
Version 1.1
William Goodrich - Cornell University

1. Introduction  
Refer to the program or ECE 476 web site for background information on the 
purpose of this program.  The GForge site containing the source code and all
documentation is located at: https://gforge.cis.cornell.edu/projects/mega32debug/.

2. Installation Instructions
This program does not require any files beyond the executable.  The config file is
automatically generated if it does not exist.

3. Getting Started
The code for the CodeVision 1.24.6 Debugger for Atmel Mega32 microcontrollers must
be downloaded and loaded on the mcu.  More in-depth instructions for this program are
available at http://instruct1.cit.cornell.edu/courses/ee476/RTOS/Debugger/index.html
The MCU must be in debug mode to enable the program to establish a connection and
communicate with the mcu.  A serial connection must be established between the mcu
and the computer running this program.  If the connection does not use the default 
port 1 then port must be changed using the Setup-Communication command at the top of
the screen.  The test connection button can be used to check if a connection can be
established. The BAUD RATE is 19200!

4. Read From MCU
The program is now setup to start reading from the MCU.  The commands in the group
Read Data From MCU read from the MCU.  The command In Map File reads all data storage
used in the loaded map file.  If no map file is loaded then a dialog will be displayed
to select one.  The command All Registers reads the information on both the data and 
I/O registers from the mcu.  All Memory reads the information on all memory on the mcu.
Each command always retrieves the data displayed under MCU Info.

5. Write To MCU
The list view on the right contains all the data storage information.  The first column
contains the register name or memory address.  If the value listed in this column is 
double-clicked then a message box appears where a new value for the register/memory 
address can be entered.  The values should be entered in hex.  The program ensures that
the values are valid.

6. Loading MAP File
The map file can also be selected using the command File-Open Map File.

7. MCU Commands
Functions of the buttons listed under the group Other Commands:
Run Target - Exits the debugger and returns to running the target
Stop Target - Attempts (if set enabled in debugger.c) to stop the target and enter debug mode
Reset MCU - Reset

8. Additional Features
The information for the data registers, I/O registers, MCU info, and memory used in
the map file can be printed out using File-Print. The names of all I/O registers can
be changed using Setup-I/O Register.